oh that's is a professor located here
and I'm going to be showing you how to
make this German bunker okay so the
first thing we're going to do is we're
going to put a row at the back right
here of um
one can see right there and then um
we're going to go up like this and just
put that right there and just like this
like that and then um we're going to
make another row the exact same as this
one so you can see that now I'm going to
make one more on top of that so start
okay so before we do anything else we're
going to put we're going to take if you
want a gun to stay on there permanently
you can take a whatever gun you want and
this clip piece right here clip it onto
there and just stick it over there not
permanently but do you want that to
stick on there then you need to do that
before you do anything else now we're
going to leave six spaces right here and
so you're going to put that right there
and then you're going to continue the
row over here so you're going to leave
these spaces over here then we're just
going to continue making another row
just like that so you should have
something like that now we're just going
to make another row and this time
we're going to go over top of this like
that I'm just going to compute making a
row okay okay so you should have
something like that now and we're going
to make one more row just to secure this
part
continue on the back so this structure
is pretty much balls but it looks pretty
good once you're finished and there you
go so you're still going to keep this
doorway space right there so now what
we're going to do I'll just flip it like
this for you
and what we're going to do is we're
going to put these flat so that the roof
can stick on to the top so what we're
going to do is open to do that and this
so just in the top row and then going to
do the bottom now and so what we're
going to do now on the sides is um I'm
going to do this pickup and then the
same to the other side so we're leaving
two spaces right here and right here now
we're going to fill those with these 1x2
plots like that so that both the roof
can stick on
then um we're going to take we're going
to make the roof now so we're going I'm
going to take a a six by eight and a
eight time just to touch them together
like that then I'm going to take a a a
two by eight right here and place it
over here then we're going to take a 12
by 2
pretty sure yep and then I use six by
twelve and stick it right here just like
that so it's really flattened out and
then we're just going to put that on
there get it there we go okay so the
last thing you need to do is put some
grass right here and some um greens on
the top of the roof
to make it look camouflage so that's it
and see you later